##GIT PRACTICE
#### Rongxian(Jennie) Wang
**Link:** https://www.developerdotstar.com/mag/articles/places_intervene_system.html


**Description:**  
The name of the article is "PLACES TO INTERVENE IN A SYSTEM". It talks about where this saying is originated -- it originally appeared in the Winter 1997 issue of Whole Earth magazine.One point I am extremely interested in is a term the author mentioned over and over again: Leverage Point.These are places within a complex system  where a small shift in one thing can produce big changes in everything.I have a feeling that the project that we do in this class will confirm this point since we divide our groups into several parts and managed by different people. Also, during the process of development, there may be a great number of times that a small change will cause us to change the big direction in the whole project.  

Followingly, the author talks about 9 items where we can actually intervene the system and why leverage points are not intuitive. But finally he claims that it is to let go into Not Knowing, where I was greatly interested by this. In his word, "The highest leverage of all is to keep oneself unattached in the arena of paradigms, to realize that NO paradigm is "true," that even the one that sweetly shapes one's comfortable worldview is a tremendously limited understanding of an immense and amazing universe." We can never get a full understanding of everything; instead we need to keep ourself unattched to these "addictions".

**Comment from Carrie Ba(zb631)**  
One thing that this article draws my attention is where it mentioned how the use of computer and software can be a solution to many problems in any system. The complexity of many problems and questions have reached the level that can not be seen, understanded and solved by human. We need to bring the use of computer and software development into the system to provide a better solution to solve the problem. More importantly, the idea of leverage point is also mentioned many times in the article that reminds how important the role of software development could play. A little change could be way more meaningful than we thought it would be. It is more meaningful for a software to be inspiring for for people to innovate. 